# Privacy concerns for Alice and Bob
## Bob provides an algorithm based on pay-per-use business model
Since Bob doesn't run his code, he won't get any clients' pictures at all. Bob has nothing to do with potential privacy leaking from any clients. Yet, he can still make money on pay-per-use model.

## Alice never gets a copy of Bob's code but has her picture processed securely.

Alice doesn't run Bob's code as Bob never gives his code to Alice. Alice has nothing to do with any potential code leakage from Bob.

# Privacy and security in design for Executor
In our demo, executor is the ONLY one who get Bob's code and Alice's picture. Therefore, this is a single point of leakage. Let's see how we minimize leaking risk in our design

## VRF makes no one can predict who will be the executor of a given task.
Executor is selected by using VRF. The input of the VRF include
* hash of the next block which contains the computing task
* public and private key of the trial node
* credit value of the trail node
Output of the VRF include
* Random value
* A proof
* A J value (AKA weight)

When Alice posts her computing task, she doesn't know what the next block hash will be. So she has no way to pre-calculate who will win even she wants to collude with someone she knows well. Everytime she creates a transaction, she needs to pay a deposit. Unless Alice has ton of money to waste, she cannot afford trying many times just try to have her buddy win as an executor. It is doable, just too expensive to collude. 

Bob has no control on who is going to win VRF either. At least before the executor has been voted from consensus, he doesn't know who the exeuctor is. 

## VRF can be easily verified. Liers will pay huge cost

The VRF output value (random, proof, and J) can be used to verify if someone claimed to win the VRF actually won. 

If any node lies on the VRF, as long as other monitors verify his VRF failed, the monitor can commit a disbuse to Layer One blockchain. The layer one has the record that the lier node's claim as evidence. Layer one can easily run the VRF to confirm the lier is guilty. If this criminmal is confirmed, the lier will get huge penalty, and the monitors will get huge reward.  Since verifing a VRF is simple and easy, if a hacker wants to try, he will lose a lot of money and credit to ground.

## Executors and monitors have huge cost if do evil
VRF uses candidates' credit as one of the input value. If someone has very low credit score, he has very little chance to win the VRF, not to mention low credit score nodes could be totally barrier out by the preset credit threshold.

For higher credit score nodes, the credits need days, weeks, months or even years to accumulate. If the nodes get penalty the cost is huge. Among those cost, time is the most important factor. That's why in our design, you cannot buy credit using money because money cannot buy back time.

## DDoS attack on executor is hard
In our design, we use as much zero knowledge as possible. For example, we do not disclose VRF winners role at the beginning. If hacker is not in execution group, he has to pay a deposit to "pretend" to be a winner in order to know who is the executor. However, the hacker cannot provide VRF proof as no one in the execution group will send him the information. Onceand some of the monitors file a dispute to layer one, the hacker will lost not only deposit but also a penalty by action evil. This is a big cost. 

Since hacker doesn't know who is actual executor until the task completed and posted to next block, hacker is hard to get DDoS attack before the execution completed. If hacker attacks all execution members, it is doable, but need much higher cost to attack so many nodes. 

## Sybil attack need credit and cost too
In our design, credit score is the weight. In Sybil attack model, no matter how many smaller zero attackers are generated, as long as they do not have credit, their voice will be ignored in most cases. If an attacker has more than 51% of total credit score, this will become a typical 51% attack issue. Given that the cost, the attacker would better be honest to make more benefit than attack himself.

## How remote attestation works, how monitors know the executor don't do evil.
This is a much bigger topic, we will have other topics to cover this.

